Hello this is Kerl from Fargo dot com and welcome to this concluding video for a course on algorithmic
training for beginners.
And first of all congratulations if you're watching this video that means you've successfully completed
the course.
Perhaps you've even wash or thirty seven tutorials or somewhere thereabouts.
And for myself I'd like to say thank you because I do.
I do hope that you enjoyed the course and also for me it's really rewarding to know that people watch
my tutorials and that maybe I've even influenced your trading experience to make it a little bit better
in this short video.
We will discuss some next steps which you might consider taking to further develop your algorithmic
trading skills.
In front of you on your screen you can see four different courses one of which you've just completed.
That's the one on top left algorithmic training for beginners.
At the time of making this video the other three don't exist yet but I'm actively working on them and
hopefully they'll be released in the coming months.
And I just wanted to give you a quick overview of what you can be expecting in the near future.
So the discourse on the bottom left to right here which I've decided to call algorithmic training for
success is a more advanced course on algorithmic trading and programming and then kill for and it will
be a paid course and will be available on you Dimi and perhaps some other learning platforms.
This course represents an essential next step up from the algorithmic training for beginners course
we will delve deeper into topics such as strategy design money management working with indicators.
Building your own indicators with your prices arrays and so on.
And I'll also give you some handy tips and tricks to using your own algorithmic trading systems.
The other two courses here on the right relate to exclusively strategy testing and optimization.
As I recall we briefly touched on this topic in the algorithmic training for beginners course but I'm
also planning to release two more courses of just focused only on this topic and the first one will
be a free course basic strategy testing and MT for where we will expand a bit on what we've already
discussed and learn how to do back Tests forward tests demo tests and how to do simple optimizations
how to read.
The strategy test to report report and so on what parameters to focus on during a testing and the next
course after that we'll be testing an optimization for success which will also be a paid course and
it will be a very comprehensive guide to testing your foreign exchange robots and it will even include
topics such as export of the MT for tests or data into Excel and a manipulation of that data in Excel
to derive extra parameters to evaluate your trading systems.
So that's what you can expect to come out in the near future.
And if you did enjoy this course and I encourage you to look further into one or maybe several of these
other upcoming courses at the same time as you can imagine it's very simple to keep up to date with
any new tutorials that I post.
All you have to do is if you're watching a new Choop then you can just subscribe to my channel over
here and in that way you'll be automatically notified of any new free tutorials that I upload onto the
web.
Also you can visit me on for example dot com and in the top right corner here there is a subscription
form which you can use to subscribe to my newsletter just by simply entering your email address and
name over here and in that way I can notify you of any new courses tutorials lectures reviews or any
other materials that I post.
So that kind of sums it up.
And I really do hope that you enjoyed the course and that you learn something new from it.
And if you did and if you're watching on you to me then I would like to ask for a small favor.
Up here there is a review button and I'd really appreciate if you could leave me a rating and write
a review in that way you can help other students see if this course is worth their while and help them
make a better informed decision on whether they should take it or not.
Other than that thank you very much.
I really appreciate your time and I look forward to seeing you on my other courses.
Until then happy coding.